VALIDATIONS:
1. if the user wants to create an account but the numbers of users is already at max (10):
	a. error message then re-get menu choice. (working)
2. if the created pass is < 8 characters:
	a. error message then re-get pass. (working)
3. if the user inputs outside menu options:
	a. error message then re-get menu choice. (working)
4. if the user's inputted liquor name to order is not in the list:
	a. error message and re-get liqour name (working)
5. if quantity of the order will surpass the number of stock:
	a. error message then re-get quantity (working)
6. if the username is not correct:
	a. error message then re-get correct username (working)
7. if the password is incorrect:
	a. error message then re-get correct password (working)
8. if the user inputs 3 consecutive incorrect password:
	a. error message then exit to main menu (working)
9. for user convenience, inputting the liquor name to order is not case sensitive (working)

TO-FIX:
1. after creating new acc, the program confirms it but it is not yet saved in the text so the new acc wouldnt be able to login directly after the creation, it needs
to be save first so the program will scan the text file with the new acc already saved. (fixed)
2. if the user enters a character instead of integer in main menu, it will lopp infinitely. (fixed)
3. Liquor list's price & stock are not aligned. (fixed)
4. if order liquor name is not in the list, the program will loop infinitely. (fixed)
5. password not validating. (fixed)
6. the ml of a liquor should have a dedicated section so the users are not required to type the ml to order. (fixed)
7. if the user's inputted liquor name to order is not in the list, yes it will prompt error message but it will automatically goes back to logged-in menu instead of
asking the user again to input a valid liquor name. (fixed)
8. the receipt should have more details like username and date order, etc.
9. the receipt should not overwrited if theres a new order, instead it should have ex. receipt1, receipt2 and so on.
10. if quantity of the order will surpass the number of stock, yes it will prompt error message but it will automatically goes back to logged-in menu instead of
asking the user again to input a valid order quantity. (fixed)
11. if the liquor is out of stock, yes it will prompt error message after inputting order quantity then goes back to loged-in menu but it should automatically errors
after entering the liquor with no stock available. (fixed)
12. if the user enters a character instead of integer in loged-in menu, it will lopp infinitely. (fixed)
13. user's are not allowed to order 0 quantity. (fixed)
14. user's are not allowed to input character as quantity. (fixed) 
15. fix the liquor order.

USERS-CAN:
1. Create new acc (working)
2. Login (working)
3. View liquors with prices & stocks (working)
4. Order liquors (working)

PROGRAM-SHOULD:
1. Create a receipt after the user order is successful. (working)
2. Deduct the quantity of the order to the stock of the liquor. (working)